you like me to suggest what you can do
with that promotion Colonel Dax you'll
apologize at once or I'll be placed
under arrest not being entirely honest
apologize for not revealing my true
feelings I apologize sir for not telling
you sooner that you're a degenerate
sadistic old man and you can go to hell
before I apologize to you now or ever
again since the publication of the book
25 years ago no one dared to make this
movie it was too shocking
- Frank sir casualties you anticipate
sir
mmm say 5% killed by our own barrage
it's a very generous allowance 10%
mornings with no-man's land and what if
it's a walk into the wire
that leaves 65% the worst part the job
over let's say another 25% in actually
taking the anthill we're still there for
the fourths more than adequate to hold
it and are you saying that more than
half my men will be q aside from the
inescapable fact that a good many vermin
never let the trenches is the question
of the troops morale don't forget that
the troops morale certainly these
executions will be a predict tonic for
the entire division there are few things
more fundamentally encouraging and
stimulating than seeing someone else die
sirens have as a male panelist hero +1
an estimate the trenches that are
advancing isn't oval kaulitz they're not
advancing but ours is getting away from
them they're still in the finches
captain Nicholls yes sir
or the 75c commence flowering in our own
position